Update license to indicate GPL dependency. (#447)
JuliaStats/GLM.jl: LICENSE.md

> LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
> OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
> WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

> Note that the GLM module has an implicit dependency on the

Reviewer: Not sure what "implicit" means here:
```suggestion
Note that the GLM module depends on the
```

Author: Hm, yeah, maybe there is a better word.  GLM.jl doesn't depend *directly* on Rmath, the dependency is via Distributions via StatsFuns.  Anyway, if you prefer I can take your suggestion, just let me know what you think now that I've clarified what I was going for. :)

Reviewer: Let's say indirect then. :-)
```suggestion
Note that the GLM module has an indirect dependency on the
```
